Hello! [PRESS Z TO ADVANCE DIALOGUE]
Welcome to Platforming Lab 101, where we teach you the basics of platforming.
I am Professor Telzyastuf, and I will be guiding you through these test chambers!
Your first task is to test your walking capibilities.
Try them using the arrow keys or WASD, and walk down this hallway!

Good! Keep it up!
Wow, you're a natural. Have you done this before?
Almost there! I can see the light of the lab chambers now!
Amazing! You should try walking professionally, you have a real knack for it.
Now, for the next test, please go down this hole to proceed to the next chamber!
For some extra flair, jump down it using SPACEBAR!

Excellent plummet. Now seems like a good time to introduce the concept of 'Fall Damage'.
Fall Damage is when you go toe to toe with gravity, and inevitably end up a crippled husk of robot!
Conveniently for you, your RoboShoes© allow you to completely ignore that! Science!
Now, let's hone your jumping capabilities with this simple jump puzzle.
Rememeber to hold spacebar longer to jump higher. Try to get to the top of the test chamber!

Congratulations on your excellent use of the spacebar!
Now to enhance your mastery of the movement keys, climb down and up this treacherous slope!
Getting tired? It's ok to take a break.
Don't overload now!
Wow, what a workout. I hope you're not sweating as much as I am!
...Because you're a robot, that would be unnatural.
Plus you'd probably short circuit yourself?
Regardless, good job. Let's keep it going. Ride this platform to the other side!
Wha- how'd you even manage that? All you had to do was stand on it!
Oh well, this happens to the best of us I suppose, take the platform up and try again! You can do it!
You can jump through moving platforms, by the way.

Hey nice, you did it. Simple, right?
Now that we've gone through all the basics, let's get you going on some slightly more difficult tests.
Try to make it to the other side of the chamber!
Amazin- Oh wait, you fell.
Well you know what they say!
...You don't?
Well, that's a glitch. At least this failure has revealed SOMETHING useful.
Now get back up there and be the win-bot I know you can be!

Excellent job with the first puzzle chamber.
According to my chart, you are now eligible for your first reward!
...A joke!
What do you call it when batman skips church?
A Christian Bale!
...
...Humor circuits must be busted, will have to note that.
Oh well, jump down this hole to continue to the next test.

The next test will calibrate your wall jumping function. Jumping into a wall will put you into a wall slide.
While sliding down a wall, press the direction away from the wall followed quickly by spacebar to leap across walls!
Alternatively, you can climb walls by jumping into them constantly. This is made possible due to your RoboGloves©!
...That's not science, we bought those at Walmart. Savings!
Alright, try to get to the top of the test chamber.

Superb climb, everything seems to be working correctly.
Now, let's incorporate wall jumping into the next test chamber. 
Use what you've learned to reach the top of the test chamber. Good luck!

I don't blame you for falling, I'm simply silently judging you!
Well, not THAT silently.
Very nice! I can see that you really excel at jump puzzles! And boy, we have plenty of those here at the lab.
Unfortunately for you, this is only a demo!
So we only have one more...?
This one incorporates everything you've done so far, so keep your wits about you.

I can't even make fun of you for failing this chamber- it's designed to be time consumin- I mean, challenging!
Here's a tip- try not to move while on a moving platform, as the force of movement will sometimes shove you off. Patience is key!
You did it! They grow up so fast... Congratulations on finishing the tests!
Now drop down, enjoy this picture of a lovely human-bred animal, and press X on the door when you are satisfied to quit.
Makes it all worth it, doesn't it?
Y'know brobot, science can make a lot of great things...
But you just can't match natural greatness like this.
I hope this is enhancing your relaxation protocol, or else only I'm enjoying this!
...
......
What does a corgi call the key to his house?
...A corg-key!
.........
Good job beating the game...